[Music]
hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of
neonewstoday.com I'm your host Dylan
Grabowski this is a special episode of
the smart economy podcast dedicated to
the decoding web 3 us campus tour that
took place at 14 universities across the
U.S in the month of October 2022. the
tour served as a means to Showcase some
of the best talent in the Neo ecosystem
to students across top-notch
universities in the U.S
speakers included representatives from
Neo Global development the Neo
Foundation ngd Enterprise
axlabs coz and Neo news today each of
the following sound Clips were recorded
conversations that took place after
presentations to various blockchain
clubs and other student organizations at
each of the universities we visited
though there is one caveat I
participated in three of the four legs
of the tour so unfortunately was not
able to interview students from Yale
Boston College Harvard MIT or any of the
students that participated in the New
York City Meetup including NYU Colombia
Fordham Cornell and Parsons the
following sound Clips you're about to
hear include students from University of
Michigan Northwestern University
University of Illinois
UCLA University of Southern California
yeah UC San Diego UC Berkeley and
Stanford University as always just a
reminder nothing said on this podcast is
a solicitation to buy or sell any tokens
that nothing should be taken as
Financial advice and that the host or
guests May hold tokens discussed in any
given episode I really enjoyed having
conversations with all these students
across the various universities in the
United States and I hope you enjoy the
conversations too
so why were we on tour what were we
trying to accomplish when we're going to
various blockchain clubs on campuses
doesn't that mean everyone who's showing
up to the web 3 or crypto related event
is already in the know isn't that why
they're attending an event after school
hours or was it just for the free pizza
and soda I don't think so across my time
on tour it was apparent that students
were curious about the technology
ranging from those who heard from a
friend of a friend who bought an nft for
those who are asking us in-depth
questions about digital identity
Solutions regardless of their base of
blockchain knowledge the students that
attended each of the events were
inherently of the entrepreneurial spirit
and generally thirsty for knowledge for
example Henry at UC Berkeley was
building a platform to connect Chinese
International students and professionals
residing in countries across the globe
it's like um academic and professional
platform for Chinese International
students cool and we're like emphasizing
on coffee chat coffee chat Services it's
basically just like advising Services
okay freelancer platform yeah because
right now the study abroad agency is
like crazy expensive they're taking like
hundreds of thousands of dollars and
then providing not enough Services just
because of the information barrier so
that's what we're trying to break right
now we're trying to break the
information barrier Henry's project is
international at its core and sounds
like it will be performing cross-border
remittances surely you must be using
web3 and blockchain right this sounds
like the best use case Henry responded
well no because I don't know much about
watching and stuff that's why I'm here
to you know to learn for sure
you know they're doing really the stuff
wanna catch up a little bit I pressed on
what do you know about web3
I said basically nothing well I know I
like
centralized and then it's like a big
ideal of pull up three I guess yeah it's
more like an idea but like application
wise yeah I know it would have Dao and
Bitcoin and those stuff but for sure but
like that's basically all I know this
was an interesting point represented at
almost every University we attended even
the students who weren't deeply
knowledgeable about the web 3 space
still had an interest in the technology
and Industry
web3 is a burgeoning concept that stems
from the nascent blockchain and
cryptocurrency industry according to
ethereum.org web3 has become a catch-all
term for the vision of a new better
internet at its core web3 uses
blockchains cryptocurrencies and nfts to
give power back to the users in the form
of ownership but to many it might just
be that web 3 is a buzzword what were
students doing on campus are in their
blossoming careers to show that this
isn't the case Evan from the University
of Michigan noted that students are
eager to learn more about the web3 space
which expands across so many Industries
the Michigan cryptocurrency investment
club or mcic for short is one of the
many blockchain clubs on the University
of Michigan's campus and is much more
interested in bringing in outside
professionals to share the variety of
opportunities in the industry tree with
club members Evan said
bring in a lot of that the leaders in
the industry just to kind of do is it'll
actually know show people that the space
is much bigger than just like the
finance tools you know the blockchain
and web3 really fits in so many
different Industries yeah people don't
really realize that yet yeah so we're
kind of doing that so that and so you
know to bring on that wide set expense
acceptance and so people start
understanding no large industry really
is there's some of these members like
Chris and like some of the other people
that are here they want to really get in
the web through space themselves yeah so
they want to do whatever they can go
tomorrow
going to some of these conferences
Karthik from the University of Michigan
also alluded to the depth of knowledge
that is necessary to begin crocking with
the variety of Concepts in web 3. I
think a lot of it just has to do with
making education about blockchain
technology clear right because at the
surface level it's very easy to
understand what an nft is but it's a lot
harder to go into some of those other
aspects right the concept of web3 is
just an extension of the blockchain and
cryptocurrency Industry so for some
students attending the decoding web 3
events the concepts weren't new but
hearing from active industry
participants was a new experience Trudy
from Northwestern University said so
like I said since 2017 and I've only
like learned it through like
I love sharing ideas learning new stuff
Bobby from UCLA had previous experience
as an intern at a VC firm in China and
was interested in web3 Concepts
surrounding decentralized identity and
people being able to own their own data
he said it's like I think people are
getting interested in the idea and a lot
of uh applications like that you know
you know and also like this is about the
credential show us right and also about
some reputational some social graph
social relationship if I build a lot of
relationships in a green cane but I
can't just directly transfer the
relationship to another react stuff yeah
so it was like the centralized
technology we can actually transfer all
our all my social connections from one
nap to the other one yeah especially
with being like what ecosystem yeah
because the data I generated should be
owned by me totally yeah that's like the
essence of the ID we need such
applications I think that's not the
applications like the infrastructure
layer so Hanson from the University of
Southern California went into some of
the reasons why web 3 might be on some
of the students radar but also what
might be holding them back yeah and
obviously the reason why is just so
popular right now is to be like it is a
little I don't know maybe the surgeon is
the concept of Mount Everest or a surge
of the concept like nfts that actually
creates a surge in the industry but I do
think that most like the majority of
participants Industries kind of like new
BR is just like they do not have like to
ask for knowledge is kind of needs right
now and they need to be educated and
yeah I think that's the reason why I
finally it's just good to have those
kind of movements on campus called like
high degree School Adrian from UC San
Diego described his personal journey of
stumbling into the blockchain club on
campus what his initial insights into
what blockchain and web3 were all about
and what got him hooked into the field
he said yeah well I joined when I first
came to UCSD I was looking through the
list of clubs I'd heard about blockchain
from a friend who was interested in nfts
and that's all I thought blockchain was
NFC when was this about two years ago
two years ago two years ago so I emailed
the president of the club at the time
pun and I went to the first meeting and
from there on I was like hooked because
they were talking about consensus
algorithms and protocols and smart
contracts and at the time I had no clue
about any of that but I had a prior uh
experience with like web development and
general coding skills so I was like
looks because I wanted to learn about
this new technology the thing that was
so interesting to me about it is that a
blockchain allows anyone regardless of
like social status or education
education like whatever accesses like
Financial tools while many of the
students identified what might be
blockers for a new entrance learning
about the web 3 space Adrian highlighted
how engrossing the ubiquitous Concepts
can become when building a new project
will delve into the speaks project that
he referenced later in this episode yeah
just the other night I had to study for
a math midterm but I was so caught up
researching other contracts to get
inspiration that it was like one like
three a.m and then I realized I gotta
study for this video
based off the conversations with
students at the various decoding web 3
events it seemed like there was a
barrier to entry but many of their peers
had become somewhat accustomed to the
terminology through many conversations
it seemed like nfts were red pilling
today's students into the blockchain
space at Northwestern University a group
of three musicians were very interested
in discussing the merits of nfts for
example namish discussed the potential
for new Grassroots fundraising
mechanisms
crowd Grassroots
Music the best and so it allows for like
how you were saying you can have like
exclusive events with your biggest fan
Shoujo from Northwestern University
added to the dialogue noting that nfts
can also introduce new ways for
established artists to connect with
their audience and not just for new
artists I think like established artists
can also give like very exclusive you
know access like their people like bands
working in studios their demo tracks or
stuff which are really exclusive rajat
from Northwestern University wanted to
continue brainstorming inquiring how to
disrupt other parts of the music
industry such as streaming this is a
follow-up there how does uh sort of
blockchain work in like music streaming
or like in Hindi example that she gave
like you know cutting an album and
putting on the blockchain so like
apparently you get a larger share of the
disease like or like the streams
and before I was able to add any insight
I might have had Shoujo was able to
identify a way that blockchain could be
used as a solution
for every stream part of the royalties
while we were at Northwestern University
Professor Kevin croak from the School of
Engineering also attended the event
afterward Professor croak wanted to
share more ideas about how to help
improve water quality on the African
continent to learn a little more about
how nfts could be used to fundraise
startup capital for the proposal and to
discuss the potential phases he said
well what about starting something in
water quality in Africa because I grew
up with the Archbishop we would try to
train
Parish
water quality
put together online material to train
the parish Personnel in doing water
quality and they got a monstrous amount
of healthcare facilities totally uh
there so yeah there is a what I would
think would be an actual fit on this and
the idea would be to try it out on this
one archdiocese and if it works it
wouldn't be too hard to spin it up phase
one would be really cheap we would just
do a survey of all the parish Personnel
on what they know about the water are
they willing to participate in the
effort some rather basic stuff
the second stage would be to put
together a online training we need that
I mean this is not the road map is still
not clear but I was inspired sure from
Northwestern University was also
intrigued by the potential use cases for
nfts citing opportunities in real estate
and how nfts can increase the liquidity
of real world assets what I'm most
excited about probably
[Music]
um
Hanson from the University of Southern
California shared that he's building an
nft project and the thought process
behind why he's building on the Aptos
chain which was launched by members of
the team that worked on meta's former
stablecoin project diem Hanson said I'm
currently doing nft collections planning
tribute on apples nice why Aptos you
know it's a good story that's the first
reason and um I believe that that is the
project viewed my Facebook which is the
app that is capable of and there's
nothing operating in a minute or level
of users
the future last three definitely need to
follow the path of customers like to to
see and instead of just like focusing on
the technology part because consumer and
film actually care about them
it was interesting to hear about
Hanson's focus on following the path
that leads to the most users as with
many of the DAP developers I've spoken
with over the years on the Neo News
Today podcast and smart economy podcast
Builders create projects because they
want to inevitably improve the lives of
the end users that use their products
and as with many of those conversations
it was really enjoyable to hear
passionate developers talk about their
projects and speaking with the students
on the decoding web 3 us campus tour
feeling was just the same
have been from the University of
Michigan was interested in creating an
investment Dao that would be managed by
the students in the MC he said maybe
maybe we've been talking to Syndicate
maybe about opening up a investment Club
as a part of the organization where we
collectively you know do investment
pitches and as a group decide on which
assets to invest in the only issue is we
don't want to force the members to put
the money together and Pull and start
investing yeah we're working on hitting
some deliverables so we can start
reaching out to these larger companies
Jackson from the University of Michigan
explained how he'd initially worked on a
passion project that focused on the
security token Market which turned into
an internship and will become a
full-time job once he's graduated from
school so it started
um as kind of a passion project but at
this point I'm working full-time with
the company the company is called
security token Market cool they're
actually full-time out of Miami we're
just looking at any asset that is meets
the definition of a traditional security
yeah and so honestly a lot of
traditional cryptos look like that but
we're not really focused on that we're
very focused on people that are going
out and compliantly issuing assets
whether it be a real estate token
Venture Capital fund and uh Equity back
tokens for sure and so we're actually
pulling data from I believe it's almost
20 changes International tracking about
300 different Securities and we are
actually undergoing like the first ever
tokenized rexia fund rate of watching
and so yeah we're doing a bunch of
really cool stuff we're producing
content around all of our data we're
tracking all those tokens like I said
and yeah just really helping to build
that awesome I was working with them
full uh full time this summer I actually
got introduced to them through my
internship the previous song started
working with them part-time for about a
year and then I went and I traveled
abroad and I kept working with them that
was the first time I came on in like a
full part-time role out before as an
intern and yeah I was down there full
time with them this Summer and have been
since Karthik from the University of
Michigan is interested in leveraging
nfts to provide royalties to musicians
and artists during the presentations his
ears perked when Gil Machado from axlabs
referenced digital Rights Management and
his presentation Karthik said I was
telling him about our concept for a
music nft platform looking into DRM and
we've been trying to figure out sort of
how to look into the different tool sets
you know be able to track down who the
royalties needs to be paid out to
because you know there's there's like a
like a Beyonce song for example has up
to like 11 co-creators and and most like
nft marketplaces don't even have that
functionality to add royalty splitting
yeah so we're building an MVP right now
again it's just going to be through like
different types of nft so I think the
main thing we're focusing on first is
distribution of music because I think
that's gated in the industry right now a
lot of a lot of musicians have to go
through a lot of middlemen to sort of
even distribute their music like like
for Spotify you have to go through
another distributor and then put your
music on Spotify they take a cut of your
money right and sometimes you're not
even making enough to pay for the
distributor like they take I think
upwards of like 40 or something and to
get a Starbucks coffee you need about
675 streams and a Starbucks is almost
like one-tenth the price of a
distributor right for sure so those are
just some of the problems I think
distribution is the first thing to
tackle and then we're gonna try and look
into ownership sort of making
verification a more solid part of it
Samer is the president of the UC San
Diego Club blockchain at San Diego he
described the two projects that members
of the club are currently working on and
the points and the development process
that both projects are at he said yeah
right now we have like an nft
infrastructure and subscription projects
we have to speak and we have one that's
like attempting to do credit and lending
and uh suite and so they're still really
like in the beginning phase because
we're in the fall quarter and these are
like the very initial stages but we have
had other projects that have been like
completed and won like hackathons and
and right now people are attempting to
get like funding and work on them full
time Adrian who's also a member at the
UC San Diego blockchain Club is working
on the speak project and he went into
further detail about it and the impetus
behind the project yeah so right now
we're working on a project called speak
which is essentially going to be a not
fully decentralized decentralized as an
aspect of it but it's going to be a
writing platform that takes the aspects
of medium and subset and combines them
into one like really user-friendly
platform a big part of it is this idea
of censorship resistance so we want to
give writers the opportunity to publish
content that is censorship resistant
because it lives on the blockchain so
the idea sprouted from like people in
countries that have oppressive
governments not being able to speak out
or or you know being criminalized
because of that so that's sort of where
the initial idea is crowded right now
we're a team of six it's like me and Leo
on Smart contracts we have like two
front end devs the back in devs and
we're we're just starting out we're
starting out to we're starting to write
out the contracts we just recently we
onboarded some some new members and so
we're taking any talent that we can find
we're onboarding them to help us build
out it's like you're interviewing
someone you hear them talking about all
these their experience and you're just
thinking like oh they would be great
in addition to the scope of the speak
project it was refreshing to hear the
passion that Adrian had for finding new
club members and onboarding them into
the current teams across all of the
campuses we visited on the tour there
was at least one blockchain club or
student organization focusing on the web
3 space
and that was probably the key takeaway I
took from the decoding web3 us campus
tour those in the industry should not
Overlook student blockchain clubs across
all the campuses we visited each of the
clubs operated in a different way and
each campus had a different club culture
and each Club had a different Focus area
some clubs were more focused on the
technical side of things While others on
the investment side of things and then
other clubs simply covered broad web 3
cryptocurrency blockchain Concepts
though ultimately all of the clubs aimed
to provide a similar service to educate
students in the web 3 space and onboard
those with the drive to become part of
it drew from the University of Michigan
described how he became interested in
founding the MC
blockchain Club on campus if we just
start I mean I I personally always
wanted I just I've always been an
Industries
it was through this acknowledgment that
Drew was inspired to create a blockchain
club that could unite people of all
interests and skill levels by offering a
community where anyone and everyone was
welcome I wanted to start a group of
people who are interested in like you
know I knew that you were doing that I
could learn more and I've learned a ton
more and then
um it's kind of just I'd say a group of
it's nothing to like I don't know you
should know about the club culture here
but it's pretty intense here and it's
more more like laid back you know come
by if you want to here's here's an
opportunity to take it as you will
um come by listen to this new event
there's another speaker series
and uh so through that it's just kind of
like we had like a education curriculum
I mean not everyone has to go through
because some people know way more than
me even like we want the new members to
know nothing you know we want to onboard
them into the world like slowly you know
like we spend one meeting just on what's
blockchain and the next one on you know
what's a crypto and then yeah what's an
nft if you want to be meeting these
people this place where you can do that
it's great and uh it's like kind of just
you know people are building out
different kinds of things and working in
different Industries and it's fun to
even just hear about and learn about and
know someone personally that can connect
you there Bobby from UCLA went on to
describe the two clubs on his campus but
also acknowledged where there's a gap in
the club offerings he said yeah that's
like I really want to know because I
know there's only two blockchain clubs
on campus one is for trading and the
other one is for technicals there's like
uh the empathy spot for people knowing
or just basically generally learning map
three and some basic stuff and also in
these projects like you guys
from the University of Southern
California described the Grassroots
oriented nature of the blockchain clubs
at USC but also the differences between
the initiative of Club organizers at USC
versus what he perceives of the
organizers at UCLA at USC we do have
blockchain club which a lot of a lot of
my friends are part of which is which
has been doing super well but another
thing which USC really has is like they
have a lot of Discord groups which
aren't like formally organized by USC
cool but they have a bunch of like
Discord groups are just like people who
like trade nfts are not USC students who
like the alcoholic nft crypto and Poco
like all day and it's like different
strategies and like it's a very cool
Group which I've been a part of quite
some time what I find in like my USC
friends compared to my UCLA friends
because they're definitely more like
crypto and like blockchain inclined but
I also think that that's because USC
takes like a lot of initiative to like
have from what I understand more events
than UCLA the event at UC San Diego
probably had the lowest turnout of all
the events that I spoke at while on tour
but each student that attended was
actively involved in the club and almost
all of those in the audience were
building their own products or working
on one of the two projects somewhat
spearheaded by the club sammer the
president of blockchain at San Diego
chaired the club's mission and vision
how they engaged their members and the
type of education they seek to share
with participants yeah I think like in
general our club is much more
egalitarian than most and people like
tend to hold responsibilities and wear
many hats whether they're in events or
Finance they tend to like for example
the events lead will help finance an
event and the finance person will help
Finance the club and so there's a lot of
synergy between people and so the
handoff process tends to be very smooth
since day one we've been focusing on
projects education and and design and
just connecting people's opportunities
and we also do research so no mostly
projects Education and Research those
are the three like pillars that we focus
on and so just getting project teams
that build actual useful projects and
and researching things that aren't just
summaries but are actually deep and
insightful for the community that is one
aspect of it another is like no
workshops we try to like bring people
and you know show them how to like
basically do like coding workshops and
sometimes just record stuff and post on
our YouTuber send it to Discord and
basically you know post tutorials and
walkthroughs and things of that nature I
also do like Alpha leaks which are like
knowledge sharing sessions where people
who like specialize in for example we
have someone who's like a really privacy
Maxi who's like really into privacy
coins and so they'll come out and
they'll like do a whole presentation
like every three four weeks on this
topic and basically everyone has like a
niche subject like we try to get
everyone to like focus on one thing and
then they tend to do like knowledge
sharing sessions every three four five
weeks on something about that I guess
the mission is just to like do more
research that isn't like Bland surface
to very summery oriented like we're
trying right now to do more deep Dives
things that are specific towards certain
projects you know based on our
connections to Industry we've heard that
those types of research projects are the
most like Revenue generating for
companies and like how companies like
you know understand the space in general
more so those are like the the main
research projects we're focusing on I
was curious to hear how they solicited
membership for the club and Samurai went
on to say we do Market the club in like
uh the general like engineering oriented
events a lot of the people who came have
come from referrals from students who
are already in the club because the
people who are in are very passionate
and they tell their friends about it and
that that's become like one of our most
like useful uh venues of like attracting
Talent just like telling your friends
that you know that this is great these
are our projects you know you're going
to learn a lot we've had some people who
have gone full-time jobs that they
balance their full-time jobs with their
with them being a student time and
they're able to do that and so that's
very inspiring to students who are you
know not as active and they tend to you
know get excited and come and contribute
to the projects and things like that
Adrian also a member at UC San Diego's
blockchain Club shared more information
about how the onboarding process helped
create a camaraderie amongst the new
members and the club's existing members
he said
so uh like Eduardo myself and Leo
yeah like we all join at the same time
and we got onboarded by doing this thing
called School of Base which is where the
four founders of the club gave us like
weekly homeworks where we had to
research things uh do interactive
assignments and so from that we gained
like our initial knowledge and then also
through that we became close friends to
the point where we're comfortable
working on projects together hanging out
outside of Base so it really helps like
cultivate this community that that I
feel like comfortable working with and
that I know that I know they all share
the same passion as me Maya at Stanford
University briefly discussed another way
in which the cross-pollination of
colleges at a university can be
intriguing to students who are seeking
to build
um
there's also an ideation platform where
you can like join students like The
Business School
platforms so I might check about our
later ones
those of us speakers were on tour to
talk about web3 careers but we were also
showcasing Heavy Hitters in the Neo
ecosystem to highlight the Neo
blockchain's Tech stack folks like ngd
Enterprises John devadas and Harry
Pearson coz's Tyler Adams and axlabs's
Claude Mueller and Gil Machado presented
along the various stops which not only
inspired the technical aspects of
students but also helped them Envision
product ideas at many of the
universities I asked students was there
anything specifically about the Neo
blockchain stack during the
presentations that intrigued them Maya
from Stanford University said an idea
for online communities came to mind
though she didn't want to share too much
information as it's still early stages
she went on to say so it's something
that can be integrated know like
Community spaces like Discord and
telegram as well as websites
I don't want to give it away it's a very
simple idea but I think that like yeah
it can revolutionize a lot of things
within crypto and non crypto but it
literally came to me when I was watching
yeah like one of the slides although
actually like if we did this then this
would make this so much easier so yeah
but I need to like go away and actually
crack it down and like see if it makes
sense Evan from the University of
Michigan acknowledged the skills and
expertise of the speakers on tour and
expressed interest in hearing more from
them at Future student oriented events
just for the members that really want to
get in the space it would be more you
know once we start hosting that speaker
series or once we're getting ready to do
a conference we'd love to have somebody
from Neo come in maybe have them
involved in a career fair where you can
find people that want to work in
different sectors within Neo out there
Drew from the University of Michigan
admitted he's no developer but found
value in the polyglot nature of the Neo
VM which is able to compile languages
like python c-sharp go Java and
typescript he said to get back what you
were saying about what's beneficial
about Neo I think uh the whole C plus
plus Python and yeah
it seems super inviting yeah it does and
I think like you know some of the other
computer science Majors they came
he also went on to acknowledge the the
novelty of Neo's dual token model yeah
Jackson from the University of Michigan
noted that blockchain in general is
making it easier to Share value among
participants of various ecosystems he
also alluded to the depth of Neo's tool
sets and how they might make it easier
to integrate communities
all of this all blockchain in general
it's all at its core Neo watching in
general
yeah all this stuff you need a community
around around you and if you're a part
of the community and you want to be a
part of it and I want to participate in
add value you're more or less going to
get value in return and it's going to be
the fair the more fair value is
basically totally the coolest part like
we're actually building these economies
now that are going to allow for people
to get paid what they deserve for the
work that they're doing and that's
really the coolest thing for me and so
seeing all the different tools you guys
felt like to make it so easy to
integrate a community what it literally
just all the tooling it's just so cool
Karthik from the University of Michigan
described the importance of identity
when it comes to digital resource
management of the nft platform for
musicians he and his team are building
during Tyler's part of the presentation
he'd often go into detail about neoid
which is among the various features that
Karthik and his team need he said
um we were just kind of looking into
different like infrastructures that we
could use to solve it and I saw one of
the toolkits and the identification part
was really nice and I was just curious
as to whether we could use that to you
know assign like music as like I guess
to like an artist always like recorded
like record that that it's that artist's
work and like easily verify that it is
that artist's work like that you guys
hit that on the nail I was like oh
that's something that we were looking
into how do we do DRM with the
blockchain what sort of Technology do we
need
Bobby from UCLA also acknowledged Neo's
toolkits and how they can help
non-developers utilize blockchain
Networks
the most interested
it's like back then blockchain is only
for people that can do coding for
engineer but now like Neil brought a lot
of suitcase and we can do actually for
for designer for business students and
for like everyone writers writers or
journalists right like everybody can
participate in the web 3 world and kind
of we can find our position and to find
a team to join a part of the
presentation I delivered on the tour was
focused on how Neo's Community has
supported various projects throughout
its history I went on to Showcase four
projects with Beginnings in the Neo
ecosystem including ghost market
switchio on-ramper and greenfinch Each
of which have been successful in
acquiring funds be it through Venture
Capital raises hackathon Awards or grant
funding from Community funding Dows
sammer from UCC San Diego said that he
really appreciated the overview of these
projects and their humble beginnings I
think in general like highlighting the
different you know projects that were
built on and the processes by which they
were funded and the way in which you
like laid out specific examples those
are all very helpful for us to like see
you know other people who started
projects and other government funded and
basically you know they got up to speed
and that's like the things that's
something that we found you know pretty
useful and we talked about it just a
minute ago to support any student who
gained an interest in Neo as a result of
our presentation Neo news today offered
micro grants of up to three thousand
dollars to any student who wanted to
build a Dap tool or project in the Neo
ecosystem Adrian from UC San Diego said
that was something about the
presentations that might incentivize him
to test out Neo's tooling especially
since it might have less strings
attached than a larger Grant I'm
interested in in building with the tools
you mentioned to get to possibly get
some of the grants for sure that you
guys are doing because I want to explore
the different possibilities yeah and I'm
I think it's I think the like built-in
features that you guys have on the
platform are really interesting and
would you simplify things as a developer
the one that stood out to me the most
were like the microgrants because for
those who don't actually have to build
something full scale you can start small
and just starting is like the important
part and then from there you can start
to build on more and more so yeah I
think um oftentimes these like big
grants are are seem sort of overwhelming
because you feel like you have to do so
much but being able to start off with
like something small get a micro Grant
and then build on from that is like
enticing and it gives me more motivation
to build and Maya from Stanford
University found value in hearing
different topics discussed among
different subject matter experts
throughout the presentation she noted
that presentations are often delivered
by one person and don't offer a variety
of insights I feel like the way OSF is
actually really good because normally
you just get one person to a beautiful
thing and it was good to have someone
who had like an expertise in different
aspects so I thought that was excellent
I thought the layout was pretty good
the thing that I found most incredible
after talking with all the students was
that they were just as aligned with the
future of the technology and Industry as
I am we believe there's opportunity to
build great tools products and dapps
currently many universities don't offer
quote unquote blockchain degrees but
that won't stop the students we met
along the decoding web 3 us campus tour
nearly every student I spoke with gave
me a glimmer into their future in the
web 3 space one of the major points I
really tried to convey during my portion
of the presentation was the nasancy of
the web 3 space and how anyone can carve
out a role for themselves if they've
been here for a small amount of time
Evan from the University of Michigan
spoke a little to this point I've been
talking to people and they're saying
somebody's engaging in web 3 while
they're in school why not take them
straight from school yeah they know the
space they may not know the technical is
like somebody in IB will but they know
the space well so you know maybe if you
if you you know give that education in
college so then they'll be ready for
those roles this point was further
expanded upon by Jackson from the
University of Michigan who nodded to the
company that he'll be working with
full-time when he graduates that's one
of the main reasons I really like
working in the space yeah they really
took a chance on me because
I'm in a position where I had time
wanted to work and was educated enough
in the space and have just been able to
learn from their fantastic team and yeah
they've really put it off it's the
team's grown from about 12 to 30 people
since I've been there and everyone
around me has really made it super easy
we've got a ton of different projects
we're working on right now that are
super exciting and I'm kind of at the
core of it all with the team since I've
been here for a while now she from the
University of Southern California noted
the uplifting mentality of web 3
participants exhibited by the mimetic
phrase we're all going to make it or wag
me and also shared his insights into the
many opportunities to piecemeal income
streams together
I feel like a big fear a lot of people
have is the element of job security and
while that's definitely a valid concern
because like the corporate structure
quote-unquote might be more safe what
they don't realize is crypto also gives
you so many more Avenues to like be
engaged like you can work like six
part-time jobs like being a mod like I
have friends who like moderated three
Discord groups trade nfts trade crypto
and are also like working on like
Community buildings and like writing
like sdks for like projects and they do
it all in like all that collectively in
like four or five hours a day because
people don't realize how like you can be
engaged with people and profit off that
you can like make content like like use
it and like profit off that you can like
use the skills you have and just like
even with the airdrops like our friends
who literally just have here like a
calendar all the airdrops coming in the
next month and it's just like free money
that comes in I think web3 is much more
like uplifting and engaging environment
where people are way more friendly and
everyone wants each like me everyone
wants each other to succeed yeah so
totally so I definitely think that what
you're more open-minded about and see
the opportunity there instead of the
risk it's like a place that you never
look back at Kerry from the University
of Illinois is interested in how web3
can incentivize content creators she
said among all those webstery Concepts
and the applications I'm interested in
like what are the ways that can actually
brings profits to creators like um
motivates creators to to create more
stuff and get rewarded by their like
efforts Karthik from the University of
Michigan described his passion for the
music field and how it led him to
finding a partnership with a friend who
is interested in working in the
blockchain industry I'm in the music
industry I love I love free I want to
work in the music industry and I had a
friend who works in the blockchain
industry so we kind of sat down together
one day like I just invited him over you
know we were just discussing sort of
what we're passionate about and then we
realized we could put the two together
um and then we run we sort of discussed
that a little bit further we have some
sort of a plan then he went on to talk
about his potential future clients
artists he met when he was visiting NYU
who simply want to put their music out
there without learning various technical
processes like I was down in the new
University in New York and I spoke to a
lot of art students and they said I just
want to be able to put my music out and
make some money I don't really care
about all the complex processes Henry
from UC Berkeley who was building the
coffee chat service platform mentioned
at the beginning of this episode gets
the sense that he should integrate web 3
elements into his platform even if it's
just because he perceives there to be
more of an interest from VC firms
I noticed that like if you're doing
something related to web3 you're likely
to get
more Investments that's what I'm feeling
right now yeah if you're doing something
related to web Theory like you know the
VCS are gonna like you more Trudy from
Northwestern University is obtaining her
MBA and wants to become a founder but
she's also explored web3 development
she shared some interesting insights
into the concept behind coding on
blockchain why it's an intriguing space
to enter but also what she's found
Difficult about entering web 3.
[Laughter]
yeah get the resources while there might
be a lot of Promise in the future of web
3 which is an industry built on
trustless permissionless networks there
are still elements of concern when it
comes to finding partners that Founders
and Builders can trust Maya from
Stanford University said
I guess it's because I don't know anyone
in the Neo space so I would be going and
like going in blind I guess so it would
begin to know
how to like establish trust for people
there I don't know in person but instead
it's like if it gets to the level where
you kind of have to be dogs like do you
trust the person
yeah
like I just don't know how to find
people within here
Sam are from UC San Diego didn't
necessarily address Maya's concerns in
our conversation but he did relay tips
about successes he's found while
spearheading the blockchain at San Diego
Club my number one advice just thinking
back to like when I initially started
knew very little about the the space is
just surround yourself with people that
are smarter than you in blockchain which
I know you said during your talking like
100 agree with it and that's like the
one of the main reasons why I'm here is
because my co-founders are smarter than
me and you know helped accelerate my
learning and
that overall was like it made the
process fun because you were learning
while you were starting a club and and
you know it's a lot easier to convince
people to build projects if you believe
in those projects and if you believe in
the space and if you're with people that
are smarter than you and believe more
and build better stuff and then it keeps
inspiring you to to try harder Adrian
from UC San Diego relayed his
experiences of getting his first taste
of building a Dap and applying for a
hackathon that he and his team
ultimately won this gave him the cursory
knowledge into what it was like to join
a startup he went on to say
um but I know that we've gotten funding
for events in the past yeah but then
aside from that like for the projects
before doing speak I actually was part
of a project called karma well it
changed from Karma to Sugar block which
was like a platform where people could
donate to non-profits using
um cryptocurrency so we uh giveth yeah
and so we actually ended up winning a
hackathon uh for 15 000 so that was a
really cool experience because it sort
of gave me an introduction into like the
field of blockchain startups and and
coding smart contracts and everything
and that was like when I first joined
the club so that got me pumped because I
realized there was so many opportunities
to build and yeah and there was so many
opportunity like Financial incentives
too like when you're winning a hackathon
yeah because I hadn't even considered
joining a hackathon fire to joining the
club armed with this knowledge I asked
if Adrian had a job lined up after
school and if he didn't was he worried
about the job market
not as of yet I'm looking to I sort of
spent since I'm only a sophomore I sort
of sent the first year sort of building
my own projects and getting experience
like joining startups we're actually
hoping to make speak uh the project I
mentioned initially like a real thing so
we're committing pretty hard on that
we're gonna try and get funding and
everything yeah it's definitely like um
there's a definite like learning curve
because when you're first starting off
there's so much to learn that you never
don't know what to how to process it but
once you get over that like initial
curve everything starts to click and
then yeah that's when you can start like
building and getting your hands dirty
Bobby from UCLA acknowledged the
difficulty that International students
might have obtaining work visas to gain
employment in the US but he also alluded
to the opportunities to work remotely in
web 3. he went on to discuss building a
Dao as his first potential venture
I think I I I really want to stay and
stay but like I'm a international
student so it's hard for me to get
sponsored stuff yeah so uh another thing
is maybe I can find a decentralized job
so I work in somewhere away and I can
install three blocks and stuff I think
it's quite important because there's a
lot of contents that has been rated in
China but has not been usually like
translated or still some language
barrier stuff and maybe there's a dog
can do this uh
interesting I think it's a really good
chance for viewers to build up their
project in beer market and also there's
maybe I really want to find some people
like some engineers and also some people
who want to start a business but haven't
yet found their Partners or our
teammates you know but of course for
some students simply working in the
crypto space can be a dream job of
theirs Hanson from the University of
Southern California said when I
graduated I was just gonna do that my
dream job is kind of like getting into a
crypto phone and starting to do
something investing and also working on
my startup
based off of all of these conversations
it was apparent that the current
short-term bear Market cycle hasn't had
an impact on the vision of the future of
tomorrow's Builders and web3 blockchain
and cryptocurrency at each stop of the
decoding web 3 us campus tour there was
engaging discussion among the attendees
and the subject matter experts that
spoke about the Neo ecosystem and web3
space personally I could not be any more
enthusiastic about where those who were
interviewed as a part of this episode
will end up in a few years and truly
look forward to potentially
collaborating or working alongside these
students once they've graduated and are
beginning to build their careers to
conclude I'll reiterate a point I
previously mentioned in this episode to
all of those who are currently building
in the blockchain and web3 space do not
sleep on blockchain clubs at
universities tomorrow's leaders are
already building today on that note I
want to thank you so much for taking the
time to listen to the smart economy
podcast if you liked what you heard and
want to support the show please keep Neo
news today in mind when voting for your
Neo Council representative as part of
Neo's governance process we appreciate
you and look forward to catching you
next time
[Music]
foreign